This may sound condescending,
but I think it's cute
the way that Manolo has
taken Hector under his wing.
I don't like the kid already.
He's too damn good looking.
However, I do like
the new digs.
Spanish style,
like yourself,
but it's missing
something, George.
Man, it's missing the kid.
This house is so big,
it feels empty.
You know, Cuba's
so far away and...
Damn, George, now you got me
missing my kids. God!
I thought you were gonna
take a trip and go see 'em.
I was, but I realized
after you quit our job,
I needed to find
a new one quickly.
All right. Well, I'm
getting together with Olly
to go over the new
one-hour show, so...
So, I'ma stay here
and eat your food
and order the UFC fight
on pay-per-view
because you still
feel guilty about...
Fair enough.
**
What are you really
feeling about it?
It is exciting
going out on my own.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
Yes, you are,
because you just did.
We go way back, so I'm gonna be
completely honest with you.
Oh, please don't.
You were fired
and only one client
came with you.
Yeah, but that client
is George Lopez.
I mean, perhaps
you've heard of him.
Yes, and I've also heard that
he refuses to do the one thing
people are willing
to pay him a fortune to do.
Well, technically,
that's true.
You still live at home.
Yes, but have you
seen my Tesla?
You're on
your mom's phone plan.
Yes, because
I'm not an idiot.
They don't make phone plans
like that anymore.
Okay, this is all temporary.
I believe you.
Look, I don't know
how you do it,
but you always seem to
end up on top of things.
I think it's the combination
of a distant father
and a not-distant-enough
mother.
I always have
something to prove.
Mmm. Oh.
No, no, no, no.
Please. ABC has got this.
We've had a good pilot season.
Well, if you insist.
And I have something else
I need from ABC.
A meeting for George.
Ooh. You know,
sitcom season is over.
I know we say we go
year-round, but...
But it's not a sitcom
and it's really good
and you won't regret it.
No.
Come on, you know how good
George is in a room.
Olly, I can't.
Well, you owe me.
Remember Kevin?
You're pulling Kevin?
Well, I'm pulling
whatever I have to pull.
Fine.
And at least one senior VP
is in the room.
No.
Do you remember Kevin?
Sure.
I'll tip.
No. Okay.
Okay.
No, you offered.
No, I, yeah,
no, it's fine, I'll...
The prices went up here.
Thank you.
You know, my new show
has to have a cool title.
Like, something that tells
people that it's different,
like, right away.
How about "Mexican PI"?
No, dude.
That's cheesy.
That's like '80s.
Tom Selleck stuff.
I love Tom Selleck.
If I owned my house,
I would do one of his
reverse mortgages.
Or else, I like the guy
that sells the gold,
the guy from
"Knots Landing."
William Devane?
Oh, man! Hector!
What the hell are you
doing back there?
Hey, what's Hector
doing here?
I told him to
come along, jefe.
Hey, you can relax just by
listening to Mr. Lopez.
Call me George but don't
jump out at me, dude.
You scared the hell
out of me.
My bad, G.
But hey, that new show
sounds amazing.
Oh, thanks.
Huh? Isn't that a sitcom?
No, dude, it's like
a gritty hour-long,
you know,
but relevant to today.
It kind of shows
a different side of me.
It shows my acting chops
like Bryan Cranston did
with "Breaking Bad."
He was scary.
Yeah, right?
He was scary
but he was sympathetic.
That's the key.
Keep it real,
and I want to do it
in the Valley.
Wait a minute,
that could be the name, eh?
Coming up next, "Valleys."
Huh?
That's hot. "Valleys."
I'll show Danny's dumb ass
who's relevant. "Valleys."
So, George, look,
I know the new show
is not a comedy or anything,
but how do you come up
with all that crazy shit
you do, huh?
Weed? La mota? Right?
I don't know.
Not a lot.
Just a little bit
and then staying hydrated.
A lot of coconut water,
like that.
Hey, jefe,
if it's cool with you,
I was gonna go get
Hector settled in
and come back when you
need me to pick you up.
All right, that's cool.
You know, he's a great kid
but he got off-track
and he's got nobody.
Never had a dad around,
just like us,
so in prison,
we kind of had
each other's backs.
Gotta help him out,
right? Give back.
That's good, Manolo.
I like that.
I'm proud of you, man.
Hey, Hector.
Good to meet you, man.
I'm sure I'll see you around.
Hey, and the weed is only like
10% of my funny, all right?
So don't do drugs or
any of those bath salt stuff.
He really is funny.
Let me do it,
just organize it.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Hey, Olly, what's happening?
You still work here or what?
Hey, listen, I think
I found the perfect
title for my new show.
"Valleys." 'Cause it sets
a tone, you know?
And because we're doing it
in the Valley,
we can push up against
a lot of the stereotypes
but it's really
about the lows.
"Valleys."
Oh, I like it.
Do you play a cop
or a PI?
No, no, I'm an ex-cop
and he's caught
in a web of corruption
and because it's real,
we can shine a spotlight
on the important issues
in the Latino community.
Hmm.
Well, that's great,
and I have
some other great news
for you.
My law degree
finally proved useful.
I got you out of
your Vegas contract.
Wait a minute, you did?
No lawsuits?
Nope.
No damages?
The only thing is,
you can't perform standup
during the length
of the contract.
Wait a minute,
I can't do standup?
Well, you can if you
go back to Vegas.
No, I don't want
to do that.
Well, but I can do "Valleys,"
though, right?
Yep.
I limited the non-compete
to the area you were hired--
standup.
Yeah, okay. Yeah,
I can deal with that.
Yeah, all right.
Good, 'cause I have some
other good news for you.
What's that?
I got you a meeting at ABC
to pitch your show,
"Valleys."
Wait a minute.
ABC wants to hear "Valleys"?
Oh, they were practically
begging for the meeting.
They were?
Mm-hmm. All morning.
Wow. Let's celebrate.
What am I doing
drinking coffee?
Hey, you got some
tequila back here?
(whistling)
I don't ever want room
for cream.
You give me
all my damn coffee
and I will drink it or I
will pour it in the trash.
Just let me decide.
Here's how the companies
get you.
What's that?
Oh, it's my first podcast.
I have three hours.
I was thinking
I should edit it,
but it all sounds
pretty damn good.
What up, G? Whoo!
Love your
steam shower, man.
The one in my room
doesn't have
nearly as much
pressure or steam.
You should probably
get that fixed.
Your room?
(George)
This ain't a hotel.
I didn't think you
were charging him.
Well, it's not
a flophouse, either.
But you said that
we gotta help him.
I was agreeing with you,
all right?
You should be taking him
under your wing.
He should be staying
with you.
I don't have a wing.
I just got out of prison.
I'm sorry if I messed up,
jefe,
but Hector needs your help.
If you put him
out on the street,
he's just gonna go back
to his old ways.
What do you mean, if I
put him out on the street?
I just wanted him to
have a good influence,
and you're the best
influence I know.
Oh, that's right.
You were in prison.
Damn! Damn!
I'm just saying,
the kid needs your help,
and you did say the place
has been empty since Erica left.
(soccer game on TV)
Buenas dias!
School's tomorrow.
I'd better figure out
what I'm gonna wear.
Oh, yeah. Hey, I gotta
get you a backpack
and some pencils
and some of those
pudding cups for your lunch.
sportscaster talking)
Hey, Hector, you mind
turning the TV off?
We're trying to work.
(TV clicks off)
Hey.
Hey, what'd you do to get
thrown in jail, anyway?
This last time?
Receiving stolen property.
But it's not
what it sounds like.
I was just holding
some stuff for Enrique.
Hey, you know, Manolo,
I was thinking about
a character for "Valleys."
Remember that badass drug dealer
that lived off Glen Oaks?
He had all the flashy cars
and he had those fine women?
He owned that chop shop?
The dude was, like, handsome
and scary but mysterious,
like he had it all.
Oh, yeah, he was busted.
No, he wasn't.
And then killed in prison
after being raped in prison.
Boy, I bet he wishes
he had stayed clean.
No. All right,
then what about his sister?
What about the sister who was
the brains of the operation?
She was fine, man.
She was hot.
Remember they found
that body under her house?
(laughing)
Hey, dude, we gotta
find you a job, man.
But I'm a felon.
Well, I know a place
that that's the only
qualification you need.
Okay, Hector,
I'm gonna get you set up
and I gotta get out
of there. If I'm in there
for more than ten minutes,
that fool will find
something for me to buy him.
We hard.
We done killed people,
robbed people,
committed acts of mayhem
on said people.
But now we put
our energy into making
some of the finest
baked goods we can offer
so we can stay out of gangs
and make a new life.
Listen, that's...
that's great, really great.
So, you think you can
help my man Hector out?
Of course, Mr. Lopez.
We can put him
right to work.
No, that's...
that's Hector right there.
George Lopez.
(laughing)
So glad that we could
finally help you out.
(George)
Oh, thank you so much.
We're gonna take
good care of Hector.
It's the other one.
That's the gangbanger?
I'm in high school.
(laughing)
George! Mucho gusto.
Mucho gusto.
This is my wife Amanda.
She's gonna be
helping out around here.
Ah, that's great.
So, listen, I gotta get him
back to science class.
You've got some
rehabilitating to do.
I got a network meeting,
so this better work.
George, did I mention
that one of the ovens
went down, the big one?
I'm on it.
Okay.
So, now I'm buying an oven.
A big one.
(George)
You know, the thing that
is great about this show
is that it has a lot to
say, you know, through
the eyes of a Latino
who is part of the community
and who is removed from it
but still very connected
to it, like two sides
of the Latino experience.
That's great,
but what makes it current?
What makes it now?
Um, uh, well, I think
what makes it now
is that you will see that
it's going on currently
and that it's happening now,
so when you see the houses
and the cars and stuff,
they'll know that it's,
like, from modern day.
I think that what
Rachel is wondering
is what makes it relevant?
Ah, well, this doesn't
take place in Brooklyn.
(laughing)
That's... okay.
But it is about
a very underserved
and very diverse
community.
Diversity is very
important to us.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I hear that a lot.
As do I, and it's great
that word is finally
getting back to
the community about ABC.
I mean,
it's why we're here.
We love serving
underserved markets.
It is a growth area.
I guess all those years
of indifference
are finally paying off.
(laughing)
Exactly. That was one
lesson that we sure
learned in the election.
There is a whole country out
there that many in Hollywood
know nothing about.
That's why we have a new
hour-long in development
from Johnny Knoxville
about a struggling,
working-class white family
from coal country.
"The Deplorables."
Mm-hmm.
That's just
our internal name for it.
I like it, and coming
from you, it's very exciting.
A Latino comedian bringing us
a gritty one-hour?
(laughter)
It's so cool.
Creative lines
are blurred these days.
Look at "Transparent."
It's a comedy,
but it's depressing,
and it's an hour.
Actually,
it's a half-hour.
Really? Huh.
Well, who do you see
starring in "Valleys"?
Oh, me. I mean,
that's the whole...
that's the whole thing
about it.
Oh, I thought you were
bringing the show in
just as a producer.
I didn't realize
you would even do TV.
Well, you know, I have had
four television shows.
Well, this is
a great opportunity.
I think we should take this
right up with the group.
No group, no group, no.
(clears throat)
Sorry. No group
because if you're not
in love with this idea
and if you don't
believe in George,
then we want to
hear it now.
We love George,
but we have many
talent holding deals
to service.
For instance,
we just signed Coco.
(laughter)
Coco, the transgender
Internet model?
Yes. Coco is beautiful.
Gorgeous.
Ravishing.
Stunning.
And clearly relevant.
Yes.
Yeah, no, listen, I...
I think Coco is great.
Seriously, I was
thinking about having
a transgender character
in "Valleys"
who is the sister
of the drug kingpin
and their relationship,
you know,
growing up together
as boys,
and then now
the tumultuous relationship
between a sister
and brother,
and I ran it by,
you know, Caitlyn Jenner.
We were golfing.
I mentioned it to her
and she liked it,
and then Chaz I saw
getting coffee,
and he responded,
so, you know,
I think Coco is perfect.
Coco as a Mexican PI.
It's sexy.
I'm the Mexican.
But Coco's role
would be very important.
I mean, she's the co-star.
She's Coco the co-star,
which sounds great
and is also very sexy.
Coco did say that Coco was
interested in doing a winner.
Then why don't we
run this by Coco?
(laughing)
All right.
Great. Hey.
When did they stop
using pronouns?
These days,
they are a minefield.
Damn, I keep messing up.
Maybe if I stopped
looking at you
and looked at the dough,
I could finally
get this batch right.
Don't be so hard
on yourself.
You girls are so pretty
and you can bake.
I can't believe you were
accessories to murder.
Hey, (bleep),
you dropped something.
Yo, what you doing?
Leave him alone.
Hey, chill, boy.
Don't let this hair
fool you, man.
That's enough.
Come on, break it up.
You, come with me.
Oh, man, hey, it's all
coming together, brother.
Look at my co-star
right there.
That's a man?
Manolo, Coco is transgender.
So she's a woman?
Yes.
Without a dick?
Without a dick? No, man.
What the hell, dude?
A he/she?
Serious, man,
that's-- that's...
Listen, nobody talks
like that anymore, cochino.
He/she. Look, it's not
what you have downstairs,
all right?
It's what
you have upstairs.
Oh, you mean...?
Manolo. Hey, come on,
man, serious.
Get real, all right?
Since you got cable, man,
you're a different person.
(musical ringtone)
Hello?
Oh, my God. All right,
I'm on my way.
Hector.
Something went wrong.
I didn't realize baking
bread would be so hard.
When I cooked crack,
there wasn't all these
health rules.
Are you serious?
I don't think that
was your issue.
What happened with
Menendez and his wife?
I don't know, G.
One minute, she was
giving me a massage,
and the next thing
you know, all hell
broke loose.
I can't be distracted
by this fool right now.
You didn't do it
on purpose, right, Hector?
Go wait in the car,
Hector.
Listen, Manolo,
I'm at a crisis point
in my professional career.
If this show doesn't work,
it could be
all over for me, man.
I can't fail.
You won't fail, jefe,
but he needs you.
You need to help him out.
I can't be distracted
by Hector, okay?
So you need to help
him out and you need
to keep an eye...
[tires squealing]
How's that?
Hector stole my car.
You don't steal
George Lopez' car--
any of 'em!
What are you doing?
You calling the cops?
You can't call the cops.
He'll go back to jail.
It's grand theft auto.
Please, man.
He may never get out.
You know what?
That's not my problem.
Please, jefe.
All right.
I got an app on my phone.
I can find my car.
So if I get the car back
with no scratches, no dents,
and no tickets,
I won't call the cops.
You see that
red dot right there?
That's the SUV.
That's pretty cool.
It's not moving.
It says that it's right...
It says
that it's right there.
He's in there.
Go talk to him.
What do you
want me to say?
What's up, Hector?
I'm sorry, George.
I just suck.
I suck at being in
a gang, I suck at
staying out of one.
The only thing I was
ever good at was prison,
and because I was good,
they let me out early.
Wow. Listen, Hector,
man, you don't want
to go back to jail.
No, but I don't
always want to be
a screw-up, either.
I don't know
what else to do.
You know, my parents...
I know, bro.
Mine too, mine too.
Well, how'd you
figure it all out?
Well, here's the thing.
I don't have it
all figured out, you know?
When I was your age,
Hector, I just thought
I wanted to be somebody
more than I wanted
to be nobody, you know?
Just try to find a good
example and follow that.
Yeah. Yeah, you are
a pretty good example.
No, man.
Don't-- don't follow me.
Listen, we know
you're not good at baking,
all right?
So find something
you are good at
besides sitting in jail.
You know, you can go
back to cooking rocks.
Kidding.
Come on, man.
Hop in the back seat.
Let's go home.
Are you crying?
Dude, why are you crying?
I'm the one
who should be crying.
I'm buying an oven.
You still gotta
pay for it?
I still gotta
pay for that oven.
Come on, teardrops,
let's go.
I'm trying to tune it.
Well, hurry up
and tune it.
It sounds awful.
Come on, man,
get it together.
There's an app.
You can do it on an app.
(gasping)
Little Caesars?
Well, I feel like
I'm back at college,
except now I live at home.
Instead of
doing homework,
we used to just sit
around and theorize
about how Julius Caesar
got into the pizza biz.
What'd you come up with?
Mostly aqueducts.
(laughing)
What's up?
Oh, Olly,
this is Hector.
He's gonna be
around a while.
Oh, don't stop
chewing on my account.
George, ABC is very
serious about "Valleys"
if Coco is in,
so we have a meeting
set for tomorrow.
Oh, my God.
That's great.
Yes, but before
you meet with Coco,
you will be meeting
with human resources
to discuss guidelines
about how to talk to Coco.
You're kidding.
Definitely
not kidding.
You are cisgender,
and you have...
we all have a lot,
but you have
a lot to learn.
Cisgender? Is that
like a mean way to
refer to gay people?
Wait. Cisgender
just means normal.
Ooh, please don't
say the "N" word.
It's very offensive.
What?
No, no, no.
Not that word.
No, "normal." It's
a very offensive word.
Not as offensive
as the real "N" word.
Let's be clear on that,
okay?
Just be careful, okay?
Everything
is riding on this
and you're walking
into a lion's den.
Why are you being so dramatic?
I'm meeting an actress.
Are you crazy?
Please don't talk
like that.
You could get charged
with a hate crime.
The meeting is tomorrow.
We have to practice, okay?
How do you
practice for that?
* Uh yeah yeah *
* That's right
come on come on come on *
* Uh yeah yeah *
*Hey *
* Come on come on *
**
* Get your hands up
get your hands up *
* Oh, oh, oh, oh... **